Move guide to module: scroll anchoring. (#38593)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_scroll_anchoring/scroll_anchoring/index.md

## What if I need to debug it?

If your page is not behaving well with scroll anchoring enabled, it is probably because some `scroll` event listener is not handling the extra scrolling to compensate for the anchor node movement.

> You can check whether disabling scroll anchoring fixes the issue in Firefox by changing `layout.css.scroll-anchoring.enabled` to `false` in `about:config`. If it does, you can check what node is Firefox using as the anchor using the `layout.css.scroll-anchoring.highlight` switch. That will show a purple overlay on top of the anchor node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check whether disabling scroll anchoring fixes the issue in Firefox by changing `layout.css.scroll-anchoring.enabled` to `false` in `about:config`. You can also check what node Firefox is using as the anchor using the `layout.css.scroll-anchoring.highlight` switch. That will show a purple overlay on top of the anchor node.
```

Reviewer: I changed "If it does, you can..." because I thought it sounded like you were saying or at least implying that the second pref should be set after the first...but the second one probably won't have any effect if scroll achoring is disabled...

If a node doesn't seem to be an appropriate anchor, you can exclude it using {{cssxref("overflow-anchor")}}, as described below.

## What if I need to disable it?

> The [CSS scroll anchoring module](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_scroll_anchoring) provides the {{cssxref("overflow-anchor")}} property which can be used to disable scroll anchoring on all or part of the document. It's essentially a way to opt out of the behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [CSS scroll anchoring module](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_scroll_anchoring) provides the {{cssxref("overflow-anchor")}} property, which can be used to disable scroll anchoring on all or part of the document. It's essentially a way to opt out of the behavior.
```

}
```

> To opt out section of the document, set `overflow-anchor: none` on the section's container element:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To opt out a section of the document, set `overflow-anchor: none` on the section's container element:
```

> To opt out a section of the document, set `overflow-anchor: none` on the section's container element:

Reviewer 2: "opt out" needs the preposition "of", so perhaps:
```suggestion
To opt out of scroll anchoring for a section of the document, set `overflow-anchor: none` on the section's container element:
```

```css
.container {
  overflow-anchor: none;
}
```

> If opting out of scroll anchoring on the document or a section thereof, a descendent of an opted-out area can not be opted back in. For example, if you opt out for the entire document, you will not be able to set `overflow-anchor: auto` elsewhere in the document to turn it back on for a subsection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If opting out of scroll anchoring on the document or a section thereof, a descendent of an opted-out area cannot be opted back in. For example, if you opt out the entire document, you can't set `overflow-anchor: auto` on a descendant node to turn scroll anchoring back on for a subsection.
```
